Shen Miao!
Commander Cheng.
This is Prince Yan's manor, after all.
I'm still recuperating here.
Proper etiquette
should still be observed.
Qingniang.
My injury is minor.
But even the Imperial Guards have come.
If Imperial Uncle still refuses,
that becomes defying an imperial order.
Your Highness.
His Majesty summons you to the palace.
If you do not open the door,
this servant will have to offend.
Everyone.
Come in with me.
Hold on.
If you obstruct us again,
I will force entry.
Don't...
Your Highness!
No...
Get out at once.
They will treat you like wild beasts.
No...
Didn't you say
His Highness was asleep?
But in this whole manor,
why is no one here?
His Highness bathes before bed.
Commander Cheng, shall we check the bathhouse?
No need.
I'm here.
After His Highness finished bathing...
Shen Miao...
The first hours
are the hardest.
You must endure.
You cannot fight the gu by force.
The more you resist, the more it hurts.
Try to accept it.
I won't.
I'll kill you.
If Eighth Aunt's husband turns beastly
and breaks out,
what else would a beast do?
Hunt.
Go hunt deer in the mountains,
vent that beastly urge.
What if he still can't break through?
Most people last only three hours.
If he survives, he'll return to human form.
If he can't make it,
your aunt will find another handsome man.
It hurts so much.
Is there any other way?
Then it depends on the Jade Waist Slave:
can she soothe her beloved,
gain his trust,
and lead him back to reason?
But Jiangzhu, remember this:
if he doesn't trust you,
and you can't calm him,
he may tear you apart.
If he doesn't trust me,
I'll be torn apart...
I've hunted Jade Waist Slaves for years.
Never did I think
I'd one day appear before you
in the most despicable form.
How can I accept that?
How am I supposed to accept it?
I only wanted to repay a childhood debt
and keep my promise.
But the more tangled we become, the more pain I feel.
Don't come closer.
I'm not afraid anymore.
I'm sorry.
Little Auspicious Cloud...
I made you become
what you hate most.
If you're hurting,
then cry.
You'll feel better after crying.
But Little Auspicious Cloud,
I will take responsibility for you.
Just be good.
Still feeling wronged?
It's all right.
I'm here with you.
Commander Cheng,
why not have some tea first?
His Highness takes long baths.
I'm done waiting.
Search.
Yes.
Who dares?!
Your Highness.
Father Emperor's Chiwu arrows
can be found anywhere.
That proves nothing.
His Majesty has already sent men to catch the assassin.
The result will come soon.
You...
just as before,
utterly foolish.
Do you think I summoned you today
because of one arrow?
Since Father Emperor is willing
to let the Crown Prince recover at my manor,
and knows this had nothing to do with me,
then today
is simply to remind your son
of his place.
Conspiracy and assassination
are all part of
the struggle for imperial power.
I only trust
that you will give me
an explanation.
I understand.
Your Highness.
His Majesty's new medicine is ready.
Grand Tutor Liao,
what medicine is His Majesty taking?
Shen Miao.
You're back.
Wait for me here.
What color is this?
Red.
Red?
What is red?
Red is
the color of blood.
The color of blood...
I can see color on you.
Wait for me.
I can only see color on you.
You can see color on me?
Come.
This...
this is pink.
Look at the blossoms on that tree.
They're this color.
This is pink.
And this.
This is called green.
Look at the lake.
That is green.
Green...
And this one too.
This is orange.
But you'll have to wait until dusk.
At sunset,
the whole sky turns this color.
We must wait for dusk.
At sunset?
If you and I can both see these colors,
then we'll see the same world.
Do you know what color you are?
This is called blue.
It seems a little cold,
but...
the longer I look,
the calmer I feel.
But...
how can you suddenly see colors?
Is it the golden serpent's venom?
Or because
you drank my blood?
Your lovesickness curse isn't gone yet.
That means you already care for someone.
I don't like you yet.
Do you already like someone else?
Why did she suddenly run away?
Could it be she feared
that if she couldn't unite with the one she loves within three months,
she'd die?
Were you scared?
MkvDrama.Net